0008_mike_response/README.md, before:

See `mike_attestation.txt` in this directory for Mike Lapinski's signed attestation.

Hash of the [`challenge`](https://ppot.blob.core.windows.net/public/challenge_0008) file for verification:
```
        10e6b25c 4b066b59 a5b837d2 460a78b1
        59edb6cb 2018ae0a a74b7555 499c9690
        b16b4f38 99fa8147 b9bc4602 5b634eef
        8e998fa2 44f9fe64 4df29ee9 a0944e7a
```
`response` was based on the hash:

```
        10e6b25c 4b066b59 a5b837d2 460a78b1
        59edb6cb 2018ae0a a74b7555 499c9690
        b16b4f38 99fa8147 b9bc4602 5b634eef
        8e998fa2 44f9fe64 4df29ee9 a0944e7a
```

Hash of the [`response`](https://ppot.blob.core.windows.net/public/response_0008_mike) file for verification:

```
        cf0abf2f 06b4f5d1 3ab6ff1b 59e1ff40
        a9a2e9b4 fdf27eac 0b1345e8 c89cbc3f
        142d00d9 742d8e1a cc996425 cc626531
        fb1be7b2 86640d09 c2909072 f26b9a3e
```

<!--Blake2b hash of the `new_challenge` file for participant #9:-->

<!--```-->
<!--```-->

<!--The above `new_challenge` file: https://ppot.blob.core.windows.net/public/challenge_0009-->

Commit message:

added challenge_0009 link and keybase link to participant

0008_mike_response/README.md, after:

See `mike_attestation.txt` in this directory for Mike Lapinski's signed attestation.

Hash of the [`challenge`](https://ppot.blob.core.windows.net/public/challenge_0008) file for verification:
```
        10e6b25c 4b066b59 a5b837d2 460a78b1
        59edb6cb 2018ae0a a74b7555 499c9690
        b16b4f38 99fa8147 b9bc4602 5b634eef
        8e998fa2 44f9fe64 4df29ee9 a0944e7a
```
`response` was based on the hash:

```
        10e6b25c 4b066b59 a5b837d2 460a78b1
        59edb6cb 2018ae0a a74b7555 499c9690
        b16b4f38 99fa8147 b9bc4602 5b634eef
        8e998fa2 44f9fe64 4df29ee9 a0944e7a
```

Hash of the [`response`](https://ppot.blob.core.windows.net/public/response_0008_mike) file for verification:

```
        cf0abf2f 06b4f5d1 3ab6ff1b 59e1ff40
        a9a2e9b4 fdf27eac 0b1345e8 c89cbc3f
        142d00d9 742d8e1a cc996425 cc626531
        fb1be7b2 86640d09 c2909072 f26b9a3e
```

Blake2b hash of the `new_challenge` file for participant #9:

```
        af1d28b6 e1c2e68f 5c871f3e 01856f25
        2ef4f745 a3e39e3d 2aa3bc40 7f82b4a5
        feb2ba4c 303f90fb 15c86929 0611b732
        be31f29a 15e5d609 6f555cd0 683e5421
```

The above `new_challenge` file: https://ppot.blob.core.windows.net/public/challenge_0009
